Computer Vision and Image Processing 

W1 Graded Quiz: Overview of Computer Vision and its Applications
1. Is x a form of Computer Vision?
  True 
2. Multiple ; Rust 
3. 

W2 Graded Quiz: Image Processing
1. What is linear filtering?
Std way to filter images using convolution
2. An application of the ImageOps module is:
In PIL as flip and mirror functions
3. Images can be smoothed using:
Gaussian Blur 
4. In the linear transform of the brightness and contrast adjustments
Alpha is simple contrast control and beta is simple brightness control
5. What are Intensity Transformations?
Changing one pixel at a time 

W3 Graded Quiz: Image Classification
1. You train a Support Vector Machine and obtain an accuracy of 100% on the training data and 50% on the validation data. This is an example of:
Overfitting 
2. When dealing with image classification, what kind of challenges do we face with images?
All of the above (variations due to scaling & illumination; image collusion)
3. Support Vector Machines for Image classification may use a kernels. There are different types of Kernels, which of the following is not a type of Kernel?
Histogram of Oriented Gradients 
4. You select the learning rate
0.01 ; 
5. You train a Support Vector Machine with a RBF kernel and obtain an accuracy of 100% on the training data and 50% on the validation data. 
What should you do to the parameter Gamma?
Decrease Gamma 

1. How many colour channels does a Grayscale image have?
1 
2. When classifying images into tiger and lions, which image classification algorithm finds the best plane that divides a dataset into two classes?
Support Vector Machines (SVMs)
3. In a sequence of array, what does the argmax function return?In a sequence of array, what does the argmax function return?
The index corresponding to the max value 

W4 Graded Quiz: Neural Networks
1. Which of the following are types of CNN architecture? Check all that apply:
VGGNet ; AlexNet 
2. Which of the following helps to reduce the number of parameters of an input image and still preserves the important features?
Pooling 
3. If I add more neurons to my neural network, what may I expect?
Overfitting 
4. Which of the following architecture solved the vanishing gradient problem by allowing the gradient to bypass different layers to improve performance?
ResNet
5. When we apply logistic regression in the context of Neural Networks, what is that called?
Activation Function 

W5 Graded Quiz: Object Detection

W6 Project: 
Build a computer vision app that you will deploy on the cloud through Code Engine. For the project, you will create a custom classifier, 
train it and test it on your own images.

> For the project in this module, you will develop a new custom classifier using one of the classification methods you learnt and then deploy it as 
a web app using Code Engine. There are various advantages to deploying your classifier. First, you can share your classifier with anyone in the 
world. They simply need to enter the URL of your model into any web browser. Second, you can showcase your web app in your portfolio and your 
potential future employers can interact with your project. For each class and its prediction, take screenshots of your test images and the 
predictions from Code Engine.
